I'm going to start off with is one and a
half packs of chocolate here all of that
broken up in there you know then to that
you're gonna add three heaped
tablespoons of soft brown sugar that's
about 100 grams now we're not making a
cake here so don't think to yourself oh
it's going to be exact
we're making a very nice thick chocolate
fudgy sauce I know this looks like a bag
of sweetness but this is good not here
for about four six people even more than
that couple of tablespoons of golden
syrup
how much further squeezy variety than
those toons where all the top gets Dicky
laughs keep wiping it every five minutes
all right and so you want one tub here
of this this is a 150 ml of cream get
your finger in there really make sure
that you get all of that out okay let me
frightened of that and then all we need
to give it that lovely glassy look at
the end is just a knob of butter pop it
in there let that come up to look almost
like a little boy it's more much like
your simmering you're melting everything
down and then have the most wonderful
chocolate fudge sauce you've ever tasted
it really is very good
take your bananas and then hold it like
that and you perhaps need to support it
at some times that when you do hold it
lengthwise otherwise they might break
slightly that's beginning to crack there
so I'm gonna need three of those because
we've got three dishes now onto our ice
cream now this is some local ice cream
here I've got three different varieties
the chocolate Kassie's and how about
that one a vanilla and ginger little
flecks of that ginger that's very nice
like that
hope you girls are tidying up over there
yeah okay and then he threw me but on
our way that's it
remember mash potatoes at school okay
let's get some scoops of ice cream mmm
nice dollop there scoop of chocolate
cassis look at that lovely color there
check out our sauce here look at that
you see it's just at the edge they're
just beginning to melt a little bit
that's the time when you can stir that
around Josh you can mix that in there
lovely lovely colossi chocolate sauce
bad sauce okay leave that to one side
there for moment Ivana
what about those cherry did you find any
of those cherries my timing that's
fantastic Thanks
and then what you want to do is a kind
of secret it's just to kind of allow
that to drizzle like that on the top
using the spoon kind of run it a little
bit along those bananas too so the bit
on honest don't feel left out it's good
good hey what about me Eames me and
perfect just sticking a couple of those
on the top followed by some crushed nuts
just sprinkled on top like that and of
course just wouldn't be the same without
a way for with it two three how about
there your banana splits delicious for
me all I want to do just go down to the
beach
indulge myself rather scrummy banana
split
you